Business Critical / MTE (#395)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/auradb/getting-started/create-database.adoc

Aura retains some of your provisioned resources for managing your instance.
======

=====
[.include-with-AuraDB-Business-Critical]
=====

[NOTE]
======
Pay-as-you-go (PAYG) is available on all instance sizes up to 128GB. Prepaid is available from 16GB+. 
======

To create an *AuraDB Business Critical* instance in Neo4j AuraDB:

> . Navigate to the https://console.neo4j.io/?product=aura-db[Neo4j Aura Console] in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the link:https://console.neo4j.io/?product=aura-db[Neo4j Aura Console] in your browser.
```

> . Select *New Instance* to open the *Create an instance* page. (Additionally, you will need to select *Select Business Critical instance* if you have yet to create an AuraDB Professional instance.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *New Instance* to open the *Create an instance* page. 
(Additionally, you need to select *Select Business Critical instance* if you have yet to create an AuraDB Professional instance.)
```

> . Select your preferred *Cloud provider* and *Region*. The region is the physical location of the instance. Set this as close to your location as possible. The closer the region is to your location, the faster the response time for any network interactions with the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select your preferred *Cloud provider* and *Region*. 
The region is the physical location of the instance. 
Set this as close to your location as possible. 
The closer the region is to your location, the faster the response time for any network interactions with the instance.
```

> . Set your *Instance size*, the memory, CPU, and storage allocated to the instance. The larger the instance size, the more it costs to run. Once selected, you can see the running cost at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set your *Instance size*, the memory, CPU, and storage allocated to the instance. 
Once selected, you can see the running cost at the bottom of the page.
```

. Set your *Instance details*:

> * *Instance Name* - The name to give the instance. This name can be whatever you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Instance Name* - The name of the instance. 
This name can be whatever you like.
```

Reviewer: I'd recommend to change this above as well.
